Refactor to use a `cleanup` object for timeouts: `stopAfterInactivity`, `deleteAfterInactivity`, and `deleteAfterCreation`. (#1145)
netgroup-polito/CrownLabs: operators/docs/inactivity-expiration-instance.md

	- `crownlabs.polito.it/last-running`: Used to detect if the instance has been restarted after being paused.
	- `crownlabs.polito.it/custom-number-alerts`: Overrides the default max number of alerts for a specific template.

## Phase 2: Inactivity Destruction After Powered Off (`cleanup.deleteAfterInactivity`)

A second timeout, `cleanup.deleteAfterInactivity`, can be specified in the `Template` resource. This applies exclusively to persistent instances left powered off for a specific time.

> - If `cleanup.deleteAfterInactivity` is set to `10d`, CrownLabs will track how long the instance has been powered off (independently from the cause of powering off).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If `cleanup.deleteAfterInactivity` is set to a specific value (e.g., `15d`), CrownLabs will track how long the instance has been powered off (independently from the cause of powering off).
```

> - **If email notifications are enabled** (`enable-inactivity-notifications=true`), warning notifications will be sent to the user when this limit is reached. If the user still doesn't turn the instance back on, the persistent instance will be permanently **destroyed** to completely free up resources (including the persistent volume).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **If email notifications are enabled** (`enable-inactivity-notifications=true`), warning notifications will be sent to the user when this limit is reached. If the user still does not turn the instance back on, the persistent instance will be permanently **destroyed** to completely free up resources (including the persistent volume).
```

- **If email notifications are disabled** (`enable-inactivity-notifications=false`), the persistent instance will be permanently **destroyed** immediately once the 10-day limit is reached, without sending any warning emails.

> Annotations added for this feature:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Annotations added for this feature to work:
```
